hi youtubers this is me Bindu Pro and
today I'm gonna show you a new Bakugan
Atheneum search this is just bakugan
super-gay Baku mouton that means they
can switch ports with that switch and
it's translucent too so let's unbox it
you get two ability cards and two metal
parts to the hitquarters mutant tailing
this is - turns back and run mutant
anything gets 50 P power for each
different attribute their owners using
me to do you know that's just yeah so
that's that um when ov sad the bag along
with the low speed power to total wins
the battle that's good day card and the
gate parts they ruined thoughts after
this is quickly play during our battle
at G para based on attribute splash hey
before you move all that immersion have
some pretty nice tile - you're a news 5
for each upwards - move today your
doctor darkest it's
deep in battles and battles in that in
the battle the insurance so here they
are
I'm gonna skip word um you guys are
gonna see just afforded to win it out
now that we got them out of the box
let's reveal it
this is rebel yes three ones on top and
the DNA code and something uh if you
want to swap them you're super busted me
here and he hit that pops up it's
something weird is I don't know this can
see it but I don't know but um this has
to the UH two G powers right here and
right here
the cheeky powers or 200 G's on the side
and 140 G on that side that's putting it
in there's another key power on Drago
600 Sunday if you add them all oh are
those two for the bottom or what I'm get
it so if you know the answer to my
question post it in the comment and this
is I think I don't know what this is but
he let me do it more detail yes that
here's four wings yeah four wings and he
looks awesome pretty cool and this is
Haley and I think maybe maybe not then
we can bring this with it
yeah this might be Keeley Chin's
guardian better glance
hmm there's an ad but keep an eye on him
but there is there are G powers on the
bottom with him
2 or 20 and 1 and 40 G's on this it's
open it up
hey hey it's the back pops up and you
just pop them into place
oh by the way this is my premium strip
yeah it takes a little time to have
practice to push them in get to put them
in like that sometimes they will pop
back out but this is why you this
thing is get turns out and the plum is
on the bottom so that's the I shouldn't
let you guys see that game a food but I
won't post this video until I need them
both so if you want to swap them just
divide it and take them push the silver
button pop out pop crandall in now
Gregor has a body of him and this guy's
gonna have full ventus now see there
david twist
thanks for watching youtubers peace Oh